DOC-2735 - Refresh of VM Migration Assistant documentation (#10396)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/vm-management/vm-migration-assistant/create-source-providers.md

  | **[Virtual machine.Snapshot management.Remove Snapshot](https://techdocs.broadcom.com/us/en/vmware-cis/vsphere/vsphere/8-0/vsphere-security/defined-privileges/virtual-machine-snapshot-management-privileges.html)** | Permits deletion of a snapshot from the snapshot history.                                                                                                                                               |

  - If you want to browse resources using the vCenter UI, you may require additional privileges. Refer to the
    [Required vCenter Server Privileges for Common Tasks](https://techdocs.broadcom.com/us/en/vmware-cis/vsphere/vsphere/8-0/vsphere-security/vsphere-permissions-and-user-management-tasks/required-privileges-for-common-tasks.html)
    documentation for more information.

  - Migrations can be optionally accelerated by providing credentials for the ESXi hosts where the VMs reside.

> - One or more VMs hosted in VMware vSphere.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- One or more VMs hosted in VMware vSphere 7.0 or 8.0. The VM's OS must be present in the [virt-v2v supported guest systems](https://libguestfs.org/virt-v2v-support.1.html) list. 
```

To reiterate the limitation?

1. [Access the VM Migration Assistant service console](./create-vm-migration-assistant-profile.md#access-the-vm-migration-assistant-service-console).

2. From the left main menu, select **Providers**, then click **Create provider** in the top-right corner.

3. On the **Create provider** page, select the **Provider namespace** from the drop-down.

   The provider namespace is the Kubernetes namespace where the provider credentials and configuration will be stored.
   This should be the same namespace where you plan to migrate your VMs to.

> 4. Select the **VMware vSphere** from the **Provider type** dropdown. Once the provider type is selected, additional

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Select the **VMware vSphere** from the **Provider type** drop-down. Once you select a provider type, additional
```

>    fields appear. The following table describes the details you need to fill in for the provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   fields appear. The following table describes the details to fill in for the provider.
```

   | **API endpoint URL**                                                     | Your vSphere / ESXi API endpoint for the software development kit (SDK). You can specify a Fully Qualified Domain Name (FQDN) or an IP address. For example, `https://vcenter.mycompany.com/sdk`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
   | **Virtual Disk Development Kit (VDDK) setup**                            | Select the option to **Manually specify the VDDK image URL**. A VDDK image is required for VM migrations. Refer to the [Prerequisites](#prerequisites) for more information.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |

>    | **Upload a VDDK archive to generate the image URL**                      | _Unsupported method_                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | **Upload a VDDK archive to generate the image URL**                      | _Unsupported method_.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
```

   | **Manually specify the VDDK image URL**                                  | Provide the registry URL to the VDDK image in the **VDDK init image** field. Specify the registry URL without the HTTP scheme `https://` or `http://`. For example, `docker.io/myorganization/vddk:v8.0.3`.                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

>    | **Use VMware Virtual Disk Development Kit (VDDK) async IO Optimization** | When enabled, this option uses asynchronous I/O operations to process multiple disk read/write requests simultaneously during VM migration, rather than sequentially. This can significantly improve disk transfer speeds, particularly for environments with high-latency storage or high-bandwidth networks, but increases memory usage on the VMware ESXi host's Network File Copy (NFC) server.                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | **Use VMware Virtual Disk Development Kit (VDDK) async IO Optimization** | When enabled, this option uses asynchronous input/output operations to process multiple disk read/write requests simultaneously during VM migration, rather than sequentially. This can significantly improve disk transfer speeds, particularly for environments with high-latency storage or high-bandwidth networks, but increases memory usage on the VMware ESXi host's Network File Copy (NFC) server.                |
```

   #### Provider Credentials

   | Setting                              | Description                                                                                               |
   | ------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
   | **Username**                         | Your vSphere / ESXi account username. For example, `user@vsphere.local`.                                  |
   | **Password**                         | Your vSphere / ESXi account password.                                                                     |
   | **Certificate validation**           | **Configure certificate validation** for your vSphere / ESXi provider or **Skip certificate validation**. |
   | **Configure certificate validation** | Upload or drag and drop the CA certificate for your vSphere / ESXi.                                       |

>    | **Skip certificate validation**      | Enabling this option bypasses x509 certificate authority (CA) verification.                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | **Configure certificate validation** | Upload or drag and drop the certificate authority (CA) certificate for your vSphere / ESXi.                                       |
   | **Skip certificate validation**      | Enabling this option bypasses x509 CA verification.                               |
```

5. Click **Create Provider**.

> 6. On the provider details page, if you need to change a setting, click the pencil icon next to each value and adjust it

Reviewer: For "pencil icon", the other terms we recently agreed on (Delete button, Add button, Close button) referred to the function instead of the image. Should we call this one "Edit button"?

(I still need to put together time to go over those decisions with the rest of the team and make Vale checks for them ;-;)

Author: Agreed, I will do a search-and-replace in my editor after finishing the rest of these review comments.

   in the pop-up window. Click **Save** after making changes.

> If you want to explore additional settings, refer to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to explore additional settings, refer to
```

1. [Access the VM Migration Assistant service console](./create-vm-migration-assistant-profile.md#access-the-vm-migration-assistant-service-console).

2. From the left main menu, select **Providers**.

3. All namespaces are displayed by default. If you want to view a specific namespace, use the **Namespace** drop-down

>    menu in the top-left corner to select your Kubernetes namespace for the migration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   in the top-left corner to select your Kubernetes namespace for the migration.
```

4. Find your provider in the table and click the provider name to view its details. You can use the table filters to
   help locate your provider if needed.

> 5. In the **Details** tab, the provider status displays as **Ready**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. On the **Details** tab, the provider status displays as **Ready**.
```

   ![Provider Ready Status](/vm-migration-assistant/create-source-providers_provider-ready.webp)

>    If the provider status is not **Ready**, check the **Conditions** section in the **Details** tab for any failed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If the provider status is not **Ready**, check the **Conditions** section of the **Details** tab for any failed
```

   conditions.

## Next Steps

- You can now create migration plans in the VM Migration Assistant. Refer to the
  [Create Migration Plans](./create-migration-plans.md) guide to start creating your plans.

> - If you want to explore additional provider settings, refer to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you want to explore additional provider settings, refer to
```
